\Write a read me!\
Task 2: Build a search engine
Build a search engine with all four components:
Crawler
Index
Query parser and search algorithm
User Frontend

Demonstrate it by crawling one website and making its content available to the user via a web frontend with a simple search form. 

Make the result available on the provided demo server.

Submit the code and the link to the demo deployment.

 

Suggested order of building:
Week 1 of project:

Create a working environment on your computers
-Create a repository (Gitlab, Github, …) for your project 2 with a .gitignore and a requirements.txt and make sure all group members can access it
Start with adding a .gitignore and a requirements.txt file to the repository (requirements are requests and beautifulsoup4)
Create a `crawler.py` file and define the skeleton of the crawling algorithm: 
Crawl (=get and parse) all HTML pages on a certain server 
that can directly or indirectly be reached from a start URL 
by following links on the pages. 
Do not follow links to URLs on other servers and only process HTML responses. 
Test the crawler with a simple website, e.g., https://vm009.rz.uos.de/crawl/index.html 
Build an in-memory index from the HTML text content found. 
The most straightforward index is a dictionary with words as keys and lists of URLs that refer to pages that include the word.
Add a function 'search' that takes a list of words as a parameter and returns (by using the index) a list of links to all pages that contain all the words from the list. 
Test the functionality.
Don't worry if you don't get that far! Use the element chat and the Friday session to ask questions, report problems and tell about hurdles and obstacles!

Week 2:

Replace the simple index with code using the woosh library (will be introduced in week 6 - https://whoosh.readthedocs.io/en/latest/intro.html ).
Build a flask app (will be introduced in week 6) with two URLs that show the following behavior:
GET home URL: Show search form
GET search URL with parameter q: Search for q using the index and display a list of URLs as links
Week 3:

Improve the index by adding information (ideas will be presented in week 7)
Improve the output by including title and teaser text
Install your search engine on the demo server provided (will be introduced in week 7)
 
What to hand in
1. Please provide:

Source code - either as a public github url (or invite tthelen to your private repository) or ZIP upload for this Vips task
The URL of your deployment
 
2. Who did what?

If you didn't contribute equally to your project, please describe who did what (in max 2 short sentences per contributor)





